Update slurm config documentation to reference additional commands if not using SCL (#643)
OSC/ood-documentation: source/installation/resource-manager/test.rst

#. We will now list all available tasks that we can run:

>    .. rubric:: If your O/S is CentOS 7 or RHEL 7, run this command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   .. rubric:: If your operating system is CentOS 7 or RHEL 7, run this command:
```

Let's try not to use abbreviations.
